docs/unsupported-features.md, before:

---
layout: default
title:  "Unsupported Features"
nav_order: 200
---

# Currently unsupported features and concepts

## Stories/Timelines

Not supported (yet?). Stories are conceptually used to describe a chain of events. It would be used to aide the reader by putting a specific article into a time-lined context. What happened before this? What happened next? To make something like this really useful for readers there are a lot of things that needs to be researched. You might need sub stories, key events, summaries etc… So we won’t support stories yet. 

## External Content

Another content type could be “external content”. This may seem weird, but it would allow for linking to arbitrary content on the internet but in a way that makes it possible to add metadata and teaser data to that relation. By using this type of entity for a link you could have a teaser for it and by using tags, sections etc you could make sure it shows up even in automatic lists.

## Content Discovery, Sourcing and Sharing

TT etc. Freelance writers. Robot Journalism. We are aware of different needs in the industry but we haven’t made any decisions yet as to how the platform should or could handle this.

There are three ways to go here, fully automatic, manually or mixed… No matter which way we go we need to be able to import random content. This means translating content to the platform article format as well as mapping meta data relations.

If we go for automatic everything imported into the Content Pool would be automatically published unless converting or mapping fails. Or if imported content doesn’t need promotion it may not even need to be visible in the Content Pool.

If we go for manual everything imported would end up in some type of queue where editors need to be able to manually publish articles. If there’s a mix we’ll need a queue but with rule based automatic publishing on top.

It’s possible to send content from one Content Pool to another within a Content Network. This creates a copy that can be edited, published and even deleted without affecting the original. There’s a lot of complexity hidden here. Depending on how “content” is defined all Content Pools within a Content Network may have to share meta data such as tags, contributors etc. Otherwise a lot of data may be lost on cloning. We should carefully consider if content sharing is something we want to actively support at all.

## AMP

AMP is not supported on the platform as of now. It is fairly complicated to build and maintain on a platform basis so we need to determine if this is something that is prioritised by a significant number of platform clients.

## Affiliate Links

There’s no specific solution for affiliate links

## Integrations (widgets, affiliate links etcetera)

Not supported yet.

Commit message:

Added mention of comments in "not supported" doc

docs/unsupported-features.md, after:

---
layout: default
title:  "Unsupported Features"
nav_order: 200
---

# Currently unsupported features and concepts
{: .no_toc }

1. TOC
{:toc}

## Stories/Timelines

Not supported (yet?). Stories are conceptually used to describe a chain of events. It would be used to aide the reader by putting a specific article into a time-lined context. What happened before this? What happened next? To make something like this really useful for readers there are a lot of things that needs to be researched. You might need sub stories, key events, summaries etc… So we won’t support stories yet. 

## External Content Teasers

Another content type could be “external content”. This may seem weird, but it would allow for linking to arbitrary content on the internet but in a way that makes it possible to add metadata and teaser data to that relation. By using this type of entity for a link you could have a teaser for it and by using tags, sections etc you could make sure it shows up even in automatic lists.

## Content Discovery, Sourcing and Sharing

TT etc. Freelance writers. Robot Journalism. We are aware of different needs in the industry but we haven’t made any decisions yet as to how the platform should or could handle this.

There are three ways to go here, fully automatic, manually or mixed… No matter which way we go we need to be able to import random content. This means translating content to the platform article format as well as mapping meta data relations.

If we go for automatic everything imported into the Content Pool would be automatically published unless converting or mapping fails. Or if imported content doesn’t need promotion it may not even need to be visible in the Content Pool.

If we go for manual everything imported would end up in some type of queue where editors need to be able to manually publish articles. If there’s a mix we’ll need a queue but with rule based automatic publishing on top.

It’s possible to send content from one Content Pool to another within a Content Network. This creates a copy that can be edited, published and even deleted without affecting the original. There’s a lot of complexity hidden here. Depending on how “content” is defined all Content Pools within a Content Network may have to share meta data such as tags, contributors etc. Otherwise a lot of data may be lost on cloning. We should carefully consider if content sharing is something we want to actively support at all.

## AMP

AMP is not supported on the platform as of now. It is fairly complicated to build and maintain on a platform basis so we need to determine if this is something that is prioritised by a significant number of platform clients.

## Affiliate Links & other Integrations

Not supported.

## Comments

The platform does not yet support comments on articles.
