docs/configuration/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title:  "Configuration"
nav_order: 30
---

# Configuration

There are a bunch of things that can be configured for a product.
These are "hard coded" and can't be changed easily.

## Tag Groups

What [tag groups](../data-models/tag-group.md) should be used in the product.

## Curated Content Mixes

There is always one default [curated content mix](../data-models/curated-content-mix.md) for recirculation and one for the start page. 
These can be configured in terms of what lists and rules they should have. 

It is also possible to set up additional curated content mixes to replace the default content item listing
on tag and category pages and for recirculation on content items in specific categories.

## Content Item Display Preferences

It is possible to define preferences for how Content Items of different [types and variants](../data-models/content-item.md) should display content in various contexts. 
Should publishing date be shown in detail, in relative terms or not at all? Should the teaser image
be shown above, below or to the right? Etc.

## Content Item Context Label Preferences

[Context Labels](../information-design-templates/content-item.md#context-label) are used on Content Item Pages to provide context for readers. Each product may define a few preferences in relation to these:

{% include fields-table.md definition="configuration-context-labels-fields" %}

## Logo

It's required to specify a logo to be used in the header and throughout the product.

## Contact

For each product you may define one or several contact addresses. These will be whown in the footer.
For each contact address you may specify:

| Field                                           | Required | Type     |
|:------------------------------------------------|:---------|:---------|
| Address type/name                               | No       | String   |
| Recipient                                       | No       | String   |
| Post Office Box Number                          | No       | String   |
| Postal Code                                     | No       | String   |
| Address Locality                                | No       | String   |

## Responsible parties

It is possible to define a number of responsible parties for an editorial product.
This is simply an ordered list of contributor id's. These contributors will be shown 
first on the [contributors](../information-design-templates/contributors.md) page and in the footer.

## Footer Content

It is possible to define a text that will be shown in the footer.

## Main Navigation

The navigation can be configured for a product. TBD.

## Secondary Navigation

Shown in the footer.

## Language

A content language can be defined for the product. This will be used to set the language on
individual content items.

Commit message:

Adds specification for filtered category page

docs/configuration/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title:  "Configuration"
nav_order: 30
---

# Configuration

There are a bunch of things that can be configured for a product.
These are "hard coded" and can't be changed easily.

## Tag Groups

What [tag groups](../data-models/tag-group.md) should be used in the product.

## Curated Content Mixes

There is always one default [curated content mix](../data-models/curated-content-mix.md) for recirculation and one for the start page. 
These can be configured in terms of what lists and rules they should have. 

It is also possible to set up additional curated content mixes to replace the default content item listing
on tag and category pages and for recirculation on content items in specific categories.

## Content Item Display Preferences

It is possible to define preferences for how Content Items of different [types and variants](../data-models/content-item.md) should display content in various contexts. 
Should publishing date be shown in detail, in relative terms or not at all? Should the teaser image
be shown above, below or to the right? Etc.

## Content Item Context Label Preferences

[Context Labels](../information-design-templates/content-item.md#context-label) are used on Content Item Pages to provide context for readers. Each product may define a few preferences in relation to these:

{% include fields-table.md definition="configuration-context-labels-fields" %}

## Filtered Category Pages

For specific needs certain category pages can be configured to have a "filter UI" instead of a standard sub navigation. These pages are called [Filtered Category Pages](../information-design-templates/category-filtered.md).

For each category that should have this behavior you need to specify:

{% include fields-table.md definition="configuration-filtered-category-fields" %}


## Logo

It's required to specify a logo to be used in the header and throughout the product.

## Contact

For each product you may define one or several contact addresses. These will be whown in the footer.
For each contact address you may specify:

| Field                                           | Required | Type     |
|:------------------------------------------------|:---------|:---------|
| Address type/name                               | No       | String   |
| Recipient                                       | No       | String   |
| Post Office Box Number                          | No       | String   |
| Postal Code                                     | No       | String   |
| Address Locality                                | No       | String   |

## Responsible parties

It is possible to define a number of responsible parties for an editorial product.
This is simply an ordered list of contributor id's. These contributors will be shown 
first on the [contributors](../information-design-templates/contributors.md) page and in the footer.

{% include fields-table.md definition="configuration-responsible-parties-fields" %}

## Footer Content

It is possible to define a text that will be shown in the footer.

## Main Navigation

The navigation can be configured for a product. TBD.

## Secondary Navigation

Shown in the footer.

## Language

A content language can be defined for the product. This will be used to set the language on
individual content items.
