docs/configuration/navigation.md, before:

---
group: "configuration"
layout: default
title:  "Navigation"
parent: "Configuration"
nav_order: 10
---

## Navigation

### General Preferences

Preferences that define navigation behavior and look.

{% include fields-table.md definition="configuration-navigation" %}


### Primary navigation

The primary navigation is a ist of links that may be nested. It is primarily used in the [header](../information-design-templates/components-and-containers-header.md). For each link you may specify:

{% include fields-table.md definition="configuration-menu-item-nested" %}

### Secondary navigation

The secondary navigation is just a list of links. It is primarily used in the [header](../information-design-templates/components-and-containers-header.md). For each link you may specify:

{% include fields-table.md definition="configuration-menu-item" %}

### Footer navigation

The footer navigation is just a list of links. It is used in the [footer](../information-design-templates/components-and-containers-footer.md). For each link you may specify:

{% include fields-table.md definition="configuration-menu-item" %}

Commit message:

Adds configuration for external footer links

docs/configuration/navigation.md, after:

---
group: "configuration"
layout: default
title:  "Navigation"
parent: "Configuration"
nav_order: 10
---

## Navigation

### General Preferences

Preferences that define navigation behavior and look.

{% include fields-table.md definition="configuration-navigation" %}


### Primary Navigation

The primary navigation is a ist of links that may be nested. It is primarily used in the [header](../information-design-templates/components-and-containers-header.md). For each link you may specify:

{% include fields-table.md definition="configuration-menu-item-nested" %}

### Secondary Navigation

The secondary navigation is just a list of links. It is primarily used in the [header](../information-design-templates/components-and-containers-header.md). For each link you may specify:

{% include fields-table.md definition="configuration-menu-item" %}

### Footer Navigation

The footer navigation is just a list of links. It is used in the [footer](../information-design-templates/components-and-containers-footer.md). For each link you may specify:

{% include fields-table.md definition="configuration-menu-item" %}

### External Footer Links

This is just a list of links, mainly used to link to a brands presence on social media etc. 
It is used in the [footer](../information-design-templates/components-and-containers-footer.md). For each link you may specify:

{% include fields-table.md definition="configuration-menu-item" %}
